README.md, before:

# Phaser_Game_Club_Info - La course du PPA
Small **HTML game** for the Club Info website. Website of the Club info : https://www.etud.insa-toulouse.fr/~clubinfo/. (Game accessible after signing in with a Google account in Games -> La course du PPA (bottom-left button)

You can also play the game on your computer on a live server by following the instructions below.

Coded with **TypeScript** and the framework **Phaser 3**. 

## CONFIGURATION

First, clone the repository with the following command

```bash
git clone https://github.com/EyeXion/Phaser_Game_Club_Info.git
```

You need to have npm installed on your PC. If you don't, follow this tutorial to install it : https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm

Once it's done, change directory with 

```bash
cd Phaser_Game_Club_Info
```

Now you can load all the needed modules with the command 

```bash
npm install
```

## PLAY !

Provided that the configuration of the game is done, using the command below should start the game in your default browser on a live server

```bash
npm start
```

**Enjoy !**

## CREDITS

- Code : Me (Elies Tali)
- Assets (except the music and character) : Emily Holmes
- Character asset : Sithjester (https://untamed.wild-refuge.net/rmxpresources.php?characters)
- Music : Scott Elliott (https://opengameart.org/content/jungle-jumpin)
- And the club Info (IT club) of INSA Toulouse for tests and ideas :)

Commit message:

For memories, added prebuilt (since it doesnt build anymore

README.md, after:

# Phaser_Game_Club_Info - La course du PPA
Small **HTML game** for the Club Info website. Website of the Club info : https://www.etud.insa-toulouse.fr/~clubinfo/. (Game accessible after signing in with a Google account in Games -> La course du PPA (bottom-left button)

You can also play the game on your computer on a live server by following the instructions below.

Coded with **TypeScript** and the framework **Phaser 3**. 

## Run with prebuilt (since depracted, just for me and memories haha)

The app.js is in `dist_need_to_rename/`.

In order :

- Clone the repo
- `npm install`
- `mv ./dist_need_to_rename/ dist`
- `npm start`

## CONFIGURATION

First, clone the repository with the following command

```bash
git clone https://github.com/EyeXion/Phaser_Game_Club_Info.git
```

You need to have npm installed on your PC. If you don't, follow this tutorial to install it : https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm

Once it's done, change directory with 

```bash
cd Phaser_Game_Club_Info
```

Now you can load all the needed modules with the command 

```bash
npm install
```

## PLAY !

Provided that the configuration of the game is done, using the command below should start the game in your default browser on a live server

```bash
npm start
```

**Enjoy !**

## CREDITS

- Code : Me (Elies Tali)
- Assets (except the music and character) : Emily Holmes
- Character asset : Sithjester (https://untamed.wild-refuge.net/rmxpresources.php?characters)
- Music : Scott Elliott (https://opengameart.org/content/jungle-jumpin)
- And the club Info (IT club) of INSA Toulouse for tests and ideas :)
